---
title: TSC 2.0.0-rc1 has been released
date: 2015-07-27
author: Quintus
translator:
---

The first release candidate (RC1) of the upcoming 2.0.0 version of The
Secret Chronicles of Dr. M. (TSC) has been released today.

We are proud to announce the release of the first release candidate
for the upcoming 2.0.0 release, 2.0.0-rc1. There has only been one
major change since beta8, which was the fix of bug [#431][1].

The RC phase is the last phase in the release process before the final
release. We will be cautiously watching the issue tracker for any new
issues for two weeks after each release candidate. If an important issue
is reported, we’re going to fix it as soon as possible and immediately
issue a new release candidate. Then the two-week phase starts anew.

If no issues are reported within the two-week phase, the final release
is made.

This is your last chance to test and report issues, so please take
advantage of this and help the project so that the upcoming 2.0.0
release will be a successful one.

These are the download links:

* [Sourcecode][2] (MD5: 2642ac8013f10cb4bd53a47241435194, [GPG
  signature][3])
* [Windows installer][4] (MD5: 89e18675d2b44a4388da0210fb35a92d, [GPG
  signature][5])

Marvin Gülker (_Quintus_)<br/>
On behalf of the TSC development team.

[1]: https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/431
[2]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-rc1.tar.xz
[3]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-rc1.tar.xz.sig
[4]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-rc1-win32.exe
[5]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-rc1-win32.exe.sig
