---
title: TSC 2.0.0 has been released
date: 2015-08-17
author: Quintus
translator:
summary: "Stable version 2.0.0 of TSC has been released today."
---

The TSC development team is proud to announce that exactly six years
after the last release of SMC, 1.9, two years after I, Marvin
Gülker aka _Quintus_, forked the game under the name of TSC, after
months of development and several backthrows, finally the new stable
version 2.0.0 has been released today. As I write this, the source
tarball and the Windows setup installer are being uploaded to
alexandria, our server. So, what has changed?

* The game now contains a very powerful scripting engine in mruby, a
  minimal implementation of the Ruby programming language. It allows
  you to do nearly everything imaginable as a level author.
* New enemies: Larry the bomb and Pip the worm.
* All Mario-inspired music and most of the Mario-inspired graphics are
  gone. Especially all the powerup graphics have been exchanged.
* Several new pieces of music have been added.
* Several new levels have been added.
* The game now officially contains a Tutorial campaign.
* Many more strings have been made translatable, and we have a
  complete Finnish and German translation. Note that not all the
  strings are translatable yet, though, so you’ll still see some
  English.
* The ten year old C++ codebase was reworked largely. The code is now
  more clean, and it is possible to build the Windows version by
  crosscompilation from Linux without needing access to Microsoft’s proprietary
  compiler.
* Compiling people will enjoy that the dependency on CEGUI’s
  NullRenderer was removed. Also, the entire build system was changed
  to cmake, and CEGUI is compiled in statically if the old version we
  required is not found on your computer (we are working on upgrading
  our dependencies).
* Several bugfixes, smaller features, etc. You can take a look at the
  Git commit log if you really want to know them all.

Before the advent of The Secret Chronicles of Dr. M. the Secretmaryo
project (Secret Maryo Chronicles, SMC) was basically dead. Its former
lead developer, Florian Richter, abandoned it about the year 2012. The
once active forums grew more and more empty, were invaded by armies of
spambots, and only few users still checked them when I took up the
project in 2013. First I just wanted to contribute the long requested
scripting engine, but after I posted its first version (then written
in Lua) I soon realised that if I just leave it there, nobody would
pick it up. Earlier I had come into contact with the former SMC
assistant lead, _Luiji_, to whom I express my special gratitude, and
without whom there would be no TSC today. It was him who convinced me
(probably he did not even realise that role himself) that there must
be a future to this game. Till today, he has supported me as the
assistant lead of the TSC project in various adminsitrative tasks, and
continues to be an important part of TSC. He will certainly remember
how we got in touch when working on the now obsolete `smc-get` program...

Anyway, I forked the SMC sourcecode from its GitHub repository and
implemented several new features and fixed some longer standing
bugs. I posted my progress in the old SMC forums, and generated some
interest there. Over time, some of the old users returned and
encouraged me even further, so that after another while I decided that
my role with the SMC project shall not be only an intermediary one
(the early commits in the TSC repo list me as “Interim project lead”
in the credits). I assumed the role of the project lead; after some
more or less successful tries to contact Mr. Richter, the decision was
made to declare TSC officially a fork of the SMC project. With the
German company [First Root UG][1] we found a sponsor for our (little)
infrastructure which we then used to set up this website, a wiki, a
(currently surpisingly active) forum, and the development
mailinglist. Many thanks to them; without their support it would have
been much more difficult to manage the process.

With more and more features added, and more people joining the
efforts, we came to the conclusion that while we enjoy the game of
SMC, we need a different goal. SMC to a large extend was still a Mario
clone, with different graphics, but with the game mechanics only very
slightly changed. It was widely recognised as such. In a [long and
heated discussion][2] we decided to rename the project to “The Secret
Chronicles of Dr. M.” and try to remove Mariosms in graphics and game
handling. While this ongoing effort is far from being completed, early
results are already visible in the now released 2.0.0 stable version.

Due to various bugs and external circumstances, the release of 2.0.0
was delayed for about one year after its planned publishment. While
our timekeeping obviously has been unsatisfactory, we promise to do
better for the next releases. However, before I show you the links, I
think this is the place to say thank you also to those persons that I
did not already mention. Let me say thank you to Chris Jacobsen
(_datahead_) for his sustained support in development albeit he was
under time pressure for his Master’s Thesis, thank you to Brian
Vanderburg II (_simpletoon_), who contributed probably the most code
to TSC after me, and thank you to the earliest tester of the game,
Justin Rissler (_DarkAceZ_). Thank you to Sydney Dykstra (_sydneyjd_)
for an uncountable number of helping tasks reaching from graphical
assets over game testing to server administration, and thank you to
_Bugsbane_ for providing the game with his invaluable art. Thank you
to Arik Burns (_aakburns_) for several pieces of music, and likewise
to Johan Brod (_jobromedia_). Thank you to Lauri Ojansivu (_xet7_),
who did the first translation of the game to a foreign language
(Finnish) and who wrote and maintains this website. There was involved
the help of many more people, and I am unable to enumerate them
all. Thank you everyone!


So, without further ado, here are the download links for **the final
stable version 2.0.0**, which will become valid once the uploads have
finished:

* [Sourcecode][3] (MD5: 54688db473103299d867b0e52c39f51e, [GPG
  signature][4])
* [Windows installer][5] (MD5: e20d66fdf171e0b6d5f065803fcfcd02), [GPG
  signature][6])

Marvin Gülker (_Quintus_)<br/>
On behalf of the TSC development team.

[1]: http://www.first-root.com
[2]: https://github.com/Secretchronicles/TSC/issues/92
[3]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0.tar.xz
[4]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0.tar.xz.sig
[5]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-win32.exe
[6]: ftp://ftp.secretchronicles.de/releases/TSC-2.0.0-win32.exe.sig
